c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\CurrentLocationToDestination.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Help.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Map.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\RoutesViaLocation.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\ShowRoutes.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\StartToDestination.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone.xr.xml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\bin\x86\Debug\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\CurrentLocationToDestination.g.i.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\CurrentLocationToDestination.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Help.g.i.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Help.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Map.g.i.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Map.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\RoutesViaLocation.g.i.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\RoutesViaLocation.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\ShowRoutes.g.i.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\ShowRoutes.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\StartToDestination.g.i.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\StartToDestination.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\CurrentLocationToDestination.xaml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Help.xaml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Map.xaml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\RoutesViaLocation.xaml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\ShowRoutes.xaml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\StartToDestination.xaml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\CurrentLocationToDestination.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Help.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Map.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\RoutesViaLocation.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\ShowRoutes.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\StartToDestination.xbf
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\nands\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider\BusRouteGuider.WindowsPhone\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
